3.1. Fill in the blanks in each of the following:

      a) Each class declaration that begins with keyword class must be stored in a file that has exactly the same name as the class and ends with the .java file-name extension.
      b) Keyword public in a class declaration is followed immediately by the class’s name.
      c) Keyword new requests memory from the system to store an object, then calls the corresponding class’s constructor to initialize the object.
      d) Each parameter must specify both a type and a variable name.
      e) By default, classes that are compiled in the same directory are considered to be in the same package, known as the default package.
      f) When each object of a class maintains its own copy of an attribute, the field that represents the attribute is also known as an instance variable.
      g) Java provides two primitive types for storing floating-point numbers in memory: float and double.
      h) Variables of type double represent double-precision floating-point numbers.
      i) Scanner nextDouble method returns a double value.
      j) Keyword public is an access modifier.
      k) Return type void indicates that a method will not return a value.
      l) Scanner method nextLine reads characters until it encounters a newline character, then returns those characters as a String.
      m) Class String is in package java.lang.
      n) An import declaration is not required if you always refer to a class with its fully qualified class name.
      o) A floating-point number is a number with a decimal point, such as 7.33, 0.0975 or 1000.12345.
      p) Variables of type float represent single-precision floating-point numbers.
      q) The format specifier %f is used to output values of type float or double.
      r) Types in Java are divided into two categories—: Primitive types and Reference types.

3.2 State whether each of the following is true or false. If false, explain why.

  a) By convention, method names begin with an uppercase first letter, and all subsequent words in the name begin with a capital first letter.
      False… method names begin with a lowercase first letter and subsequent words in the name begin with a capital letter.
      
  b) An import declaration is not required when one class in a package uses another in the same package.
      True
      
  c) Empty parentheses following a method name in a method declaration indicate that the method does not require any parameters to perform its task.
      True
      
  d) Variables or methods declared with access modifier private are accessible only to methods of the class in which they’re declared.
      True
      
  e) A primitive-type variable can be used to invoke a method.
      False… Primitive-type variables do not refer to object, so such variables cannot be used to invoke methods.
      
  f) Variables declared in the body of a particular method are known as instance variables and can be used in all methods of the class.
      False… Variables declared in the body of a particular method are known as local variables.
      
  g) Every method’s body is delimited by left and right braces ({ and }).
      True
      
  h) Primitive-type local variables are initialized by default.
      False… Primitive-type instance variables are initialized by default.
      
  i) Reference-type instance variables are initialized by default to the value null. 
      True
      
  j) Any class that contains public static void main (String[] args) can be used to execute an application.
      False… the one that’s invoked is the one in the class named in the java command.
  
  k) The number of arguments in the method call must match the number of parameters in the method declaration’s parameter list.
      True
      
  l) Floating-point values that appear in source code are known as floating-point literals and are type float by default.
      False… Java treats all floating-point numbers as double values by default.

3.3 What is the difference between a local variable and a field? Local variable are declared in the body of a particular method and when that method terminates, the values of its local variables are lost. Fields are declared inside a class declaration but outside the body of the class’s method declarations and can be used or modified at any time during an application’s execution.

3.4 Explain the purpose of a method parameter.
      The methods are objects that perform tasks.
  
    What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?
      Argument values are passed to corresponding parameters so that the parameter may complete its task.
